Hello, Brenda, hi. Is Hi there? Remember, this is Taylor speaking, and we are reaching out to all the homeowners in saffron Hills about the net metering program. We're following up on a notice and with your energy bill about it. But has anyone reached out to you about the program yet?
No, okay, no worries at all. This is a state approved relief program for homeowners to save under electricity bills. The way it works is through a PPA or power purchase agreement, where people are switching from regular energy to renewable energy without having to pay a ridiculous price to buy or install solar panels. Remember, before if you wanted solar, you would have had to either pay cash or take out a loan putting a lien on your property. Yeah, with this, with this program, all you pay for is the energy you consume, but a much lower price than what the utility company is charging. They take care of everything else, including the install and the maintenance to make sure you get that amount of electricity so you don't have to worry about the system. We're building savings reports so you get this information in writing and any questions answered. But to make sure, it's worth a while, do you recall what your highest electric bill has
been this
year? About 325,
in the summer. Okay, well,
that is Yeah, last one. Okay, yeah. And the lowest it gets throughout the year. What would you say that is? Oh, so we're around 95 bucks. Okay, okay. Well, you definitely get pretty high in the summertime. For sure, the basic requirements, apart from paying at least 150 is selling your home. Are you the sole home and everything? Yes, okay, and the last one, we do not check here through the call in any way, but you cannot have any bankruptcies, foreclosures, and you need a credit score at 650 or more. Are you good on those three requirements? And I just want to add you are not getting into a loan in any way with this. That will not change, okay, I'm not doing loans. Okay, yes, you want to make Yeah, I need all of those that you just mentioned. Okay, great. And your current utility company? Who are you with them?
Direct energy, direct, okay, and how many, if you don't mind me asking, how many people are using electricity in the home,
primarily me. I do occasionally have visitors. Okay? And taking a look at how much shade you're dealing with, are you covered in trees, or do you have mostly Sun throughout the day?
I have mostly sun. I am not covered in trees anymore. I've cut the light brown. Understood. Okay. I have yet. 6302 Sorgen hills. And is it a tree in the backyard that is gone? Now all
I've got are, I have some trees. They're small, crepe myrtles type trees.
Okay, I'm just asking, just pictures and mentioned it, but it looks like you've got, yeah, yeah, I've got pretty good sun. But
in terms of trees, I don't have any big like pine trees or oak trees or any of that kind of tree. I just have some crape myrtle trees, understood. Okay, yeah, it looks like you've got real good sunlight. So that's not an issue. The last thing is, is the morning or evening better for you, the report takes about 15 minutes to go over. All you need to have on hand is your light bill
is evening, because I work during the day, so yeah, definitely has to be. In fact, I'm late for a call, so well they work up to 8pm at night. So what may I ask? What time you get off of work? Man,
it depends, but I would say it's safe for them to call me somewhere around six, 630
okay? Is 7pm a good time for you to be
okay? Would you have a we have let me I'm checking our calendar that is available tomorrow. Would that work for you? I'm not sure. Let me check my calendar to see what I've got. Okay,
I have an HOA meeting tomorrow. Yeah, I'm sorry, tomorrow evening would not be good showing me I was about to say, Here you loud and clear. I was about to say, actually, we have 7pm tonight available? That work for you?
Nope, that one doesn't work either. Sorry, okay, okay,
at seven, yeah,
I'm available Wednesday, Thursday or possibly Friday. Okay, we try to keep it in a shorter time frame as possible, just because things always tend to come up. But would so would Wednesday be the best day for you?
Yeah? Does that make sense? Yeah? Okay, okay, please keep it that is available. Do you have anything to write with? Do you use any type of calendar, iconic on paper? Okay, if you can pull that up and add energy state.
Savings report. It sound like you had it right in front of you. That would be
savings report.
That will be Wednesday the 17th, and that would be at 7pm Okay. Okay. Please keep in mind there is work from our side involved in this, and all we ask you let us know if you weren't able to make it. Okay, just don't stand up an engineer. That's all we try to avoid. They can get you this information another time if something came up. So that's not a problem. You will receive a call within the next 30 minutes, and that will be from your engineer all the it's a 32nd call. All they do is make contact with you, and that way you have a contact number. Okay, well, he'll have to call me. He'll have to call me after two o'clock and before three o'clock. That's my only opening today, between two and three. Okay, I can add then the problem.
Okay, just be sure to pick up so you have that contact, they have to make contact with you. That's the only rule.
But I need to run. Okay, understood. Okay, so just feel free to reach out for any reason. My name is Taylor, be sure to have your light bill on hand on Wednesday evening. Okay, that's all you need, and I highly recommend this between now and then, so you can make the most of the appointment. Write down your questions, anything that comes to mind. Just make yourself a list, and they can answer anything you have and that is specific to your home. Okay, so you make them
okay? I have you as with Brenda Swan um, 6302
Safran Hills Drive in spring. Is that correct? Yeah and yeah. Reach out ma'am. Is this a cell phone? Yeah, yeah. Okay. We will see you there Wednesday evening. Then I appreciate your time. Thank you. Okay? And.