I'm hanging up. Miss Fernie, can you hear me? Ma'am,
yes, good afternoon. This is Anna. I represent what's called net metering in partnership with Salt River.
Can you hear me, alright, loud and clear, yeah, you represent what? Yes, I represent, Ma'am, what's called net metering, or the Arizona relief utility program and partnership with Salt River Project and Arizona public service. So I'm only reaching out because we're working today and tomorrow in Cary lane.
Have you already received the information regarding the work we're doing in response to the power outages and also the rate hikes, okay, not yet I see, all right, I'll take note of that, but this is still for the home bill at 9153,
not an old address.
Okay, okay, since the state has approved a relief program in partnership with the utility in order to address the concern regarding the upcoming outages and also the rate hikes due to the increased demand for electricity, which means more maintenance fees, and it's taking a toll or the stress on the grid. We are working today and tomorrow in the area, from 10am to 8pm for those who have received information since the program is based on consumption, we've already set up a time with them to check the meter to verify the consumption rate. But I don't want solar, if that's what you're trying to talk me into solar.
Yeah, I don't want solar.
We're not trying to sell or lease any equipment. Okay, okay, you don't know how many people I've had come knocking on my door
to pay for solar. No, okay.
I don't know much about and I
Okay. I see them. No worries. We're not trying to sell or leave you any equipment. It's a relief program, after all. Okay, so what do you want? And we're only providing information on how you're able to qualify for those who have not received the mail that was sent out.
So we're doing is we're not asking to make any decisions, only information and how you're able to qualify, and we're setting up a better time for you to receive the info. To be clear, we're not sales people.
What info? So? What? Oh, yes. So how you're able to qualify is based in consumption. The program is for homeowners that are still paying 150 or more an average for electricity all throughout the year. Would that still be the case in your home?
No, you guys charge me way more than that, way more. I see Yes. Oh, we've heard that from homeowners, way more. Okay,
and if you're gonna increase it, I don't know how we're going to survive. That's why, man, the program is in place. So we're not just providing information about these upcoming rate hikes for the maintenance fees, not on the kilowatt hour, but also to provide you information how you're able to qualify. Since obviously no one's happy about this, and we apologize that this has been happening, but while the state and the utility has already taken action on how this could be actually addressed properly, are you asking me to pay for new equipment? No no buying
we're only providing information how to qualify, and we're going to set up a time for you to receive the info and have your meter check, because that's how you are able to get on with the program. If you do get a program for what it's called net metering, to avoid the as was called net metering, m e, t, M, E, na metering. Yes, that's correct. So the purpose is to avoid outages and also to lower your energy costs without switching over, without buying or leasing any equipment, so no any kind of debt to purchase anything out. If you are approved, you'll be provided a fixed and a much lower rate, same all year long. No more rate increases year by year. Okay, let me ask you, so. Let me ask you, what is the requirement? The requirement is one. You must be a homeowner and paying 150 or more, on average, for electricity. Lastly, no false bankruptcy, foreclosure or late payments.
So that's the requirement, and for those that meet the requirements, we will be setting up a better time if you haven't received the info, so that you're able to receive it, still at no cost and only going to take 10 to 15 minutes. Okay, there's gonna be just a feeling. There's something here.
You want me to buy? You're not buying
because there's no why is it necessary to set up a time to meet with us? Why don't you just look at my meter? Oh, yes. So we do value your privacy as well. We're not even sure if you're going to be there, right? Because the program will be providing you also a specialist to answer your questions. That way you fully informed, and he will be building you an electric savings report which will compare how much you pay now versus how much the program is saving you. Since consumption varies from home to home, it's not the same as everyone else,
exactly. So to be clear, you're only being provided information during the 10 to 15 minutes your questions answered also the electric savings report, which will show you the numbers itself.
And okay, let me ask you a question. Why would they why would they change after we have this meeting?
Why would they change after this meeting? Because if you're able to qualify, of course, the program will be providing you that fixed and a lower rate, which is not just taking off the stress from the grid, but also providing you that advantage of having a lower and a fixed rate, never having to worry about the rate increases. We've been getting a lot of phone calls complaints regarding the rate increases, and also for those experiencing outages,
okay, yeah, to act on it, or else our phones will just keep ringing all day long. We'll just be angry at us. We're getting almost like, the first second we're on the phone. No,
I'm always on this I know how it feels. Yes, it's like breakfast, lunch and dinner of effus and go to house.
Yes, ma'am,
Oh, yes. Well, we had to do our job right, or else, if the homeowner misses out on this and they hear it from the neighbor, Why the f did I not care about this? Where was this? I'm only getting people trying to knock on my door trying to sell equipment.
God, yeah, okay.
Oh, God, that feels great having to say that out loud
to someone who actually does really happen. We're getting breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack time of you know, a few GTH we don't want that. You're selling us something
because to be clear, what's going to happen is every month it will still be the same as what you're doing right now, only paying for the electricity, but at a station a much lower rate, normal rate increases year by year, because you will be longer. Why we set up this meeting? Yes, so that will be at your best time, only 10 to 15 minutes, and we are working from 10am to 8pm today and tomorrow. So today and tomorrow,
you pick the two busiest days out of my week. Oh, okay, okay. I see. Okay. Let's prove so today is
Monday. Correct? Today's Monday, tomorrow, Tuesday. So my husband's in dialysis on Tuesday, and I'm already having somebody
that's supposed to come install a microwave, because my microwave shot craps on me. So oh god, yeah, I've never had a microwave go out on me. In fact, I didn't even know they went out.
I've never had one blow up on me, you know, Oh God, I hope you're fine and no burns whatsoever.
Well, I got a microwave, I just gotta have them come out and install it.
But, okay, okay, yeah, that's kind of scary. You did not put any fall whatsoever that might have cost it though. Oh, no, I know. I'm heating up a cup of coffee. Good Lord, I don't know what's happening. Maybe
these
days, I really, you know. So it's, it was here when we bought the house, and we've been here 13 years. So,
you know, it's really old. So it needed some retirement
time to retire the old
gotcha. Gotcha. Okay, okay. So, so what dates are you looking at? The 20 Tuesday? Are you looking at Tuesday? Yes, 10am to 8pm so specialist
at 8pm Okay, I have to take him to dialysis
at 9am he's there until noon.
So if you could take something in between 930
and
11 o'clock, that would be possible, Tuesday, right 930 to 11 o'clock. Let me check Yeah, somewhere in there.
11. Let's see Tuesday that that's when it says.
What I have are
1010,
30
and the 830 will Okay. 1030 will work. And this is with APS, right? Yes. So no switching over, no breaking off of your contract. That's a Tuesday, 1030 it's only going to be you then at home, yes, okay, 10:30am
What do you mean no switching over and no breaking of contract? What does that? Know? We are not another retail electric provider or another provider trying to take your business. So you won't be breaking up your contract if you're still under with APS, obviously, or
are still you know about to renew it. Case three. That's 325.
Tuesday. Okay, after this call, our specialist will be reaching you out to make sure he's got a direct line of contact with you so you also know who's coming over that morning, not some random person knocking at your door trying to sell you something again.
And in line with that, ma'am, do you have any dogs that we should be aware of,
you know, it's,
you know, I had one guy I was out in the front yard, and he just walked up to me and started trying to pitch me on solar and everything. And it's like, you know, it's like us putting, you know, and they tell you, Oh, well, you don't have to pay for anything.
Well, that's not true,
because there are things that you have to pay for, you know, yes, nothing else. You don't get anything like this world for free, you know, nothing. No such thing as free lunch. Yeah, and that's what they want you to believe when they first walk up to you, you know, and I just told him, Look, if you're trying to pitch me on solar, I don't have money to pay for solar. I just
don't so sorry, yeah, to be clear, we are not selling or leasing you equipment. So no loans, no let, no debt, no lien will be placed in your home. It would still be the same way every month, only making electric payments at a fixed in a much lower rate, and also payment consumption for you to qualify. The program is a relief program. After all, the goal is to actually have you saved, not make payments monthly for an equipment which will take years of return of investment or ROI, and not getting the rebates as well.
No, I don't, I don't want to do any of that. It's, you know,
the electric bill here gets quite high in the summertime,
we're still paying over $150
a month, even in the winter, oh, even a winter
so over one wow, so still over 150 in winter, just like the usual months. But on summer, it's even much higher as well. Yes, in the summer it can reach,
oh, I don't know. I think our highest Bill has been close to $300
and this house, this is a small house, okay? We used to live in a very large home, and our electric bill there was less than it is here for 3200 square feet this house is more expensive to cool than a 3200 square foot home.
Okay, so you should live in a bigger home, and the utility was much cheaper compared to this home right now that you have
see, okay, are you selling windows?
No, ma'am,
but
I'm not sure, because we've been tracked by them too.
Oh, my goodness. Oh yeah, name it, thermostat, digital whatsoever was that I can't remember HVAC, name it, they're all over proof now, yeah, to be clear, you're not being sold anything. That's why you have to qualify days in your consumption. It's a relief program, after all.
Call me. Mm, hmm.
Oh yes, you will be getting a call after this one. It will be a short one that will be our specialist, just to make sure that he's got the right home, the right person, and he knows coming over tomorrow morning at 1030 not some random person showing up at your door trying to sell you something again. Okay,
okay, and since we're qualifying responsible homeowners only, we're making sure that, of course, the electric payments that are at the lower and the fixed rates are paid in time, so you have not followed any bankruptcy, foreclosure, late payments within a year.
And
okay, never, firm, never on that. We don't
want headaches, right? And since, yes, because the program is already being maintained by the people that are already enrolled and drawing that lower in a fixed rate and a locked in rate with no more rate increases, and we're not running credits, because you're not buying or leasing anything. But last time you checked, was it at least 650, or higher, just to make sure in good standing,
no What now, so we're just making sure that we're qualified responsible for want to strike, but we're not running credits, since you're not buying or leasing anything. But last program was it at least 650 or even higher?
Was my what even higher was your credit score? At least 650 or even higher,
I think our credit score is. I don't know what's our credit score. William, I have no idea. No,
820,
okay.
I used to work for experience, so I know that's a real good,
yeah, well, that's Equifax, TransUnion and experience. I used to work for experience before as well, and that's why you have to qualify basin consumption, because we're not buying or leasing any equipment, no loans, no
no debt. Okay,
the program will be providing it to you, all right, and of course, that will include installation upon cost maintenance, monitoring, repairs and warranty. It's a relief program, so you're not buying or leasing any equipment. That is clear, you are only just being provided information by the specialist, getting your questions answered, and also your savings report and no commitment, so okay, just doing his so I don't understand, I don't understand why our credit score has to do with anything, I guess, just to make sure your program
that's a good one, because there are those that are actually tried to say that they have it and they haven't. They haven't, but then if they do make the electric payments on late one of course, those that are already in the program are also getting affected, since that's how the program is being maintained, that's why you have to qualify based in consumption, and we just have to ask it. But don't worry, then you're in, you have a flying high car. Okay, well, I
just don't understand why that's that's the criteria, if we're just getting information, yeah. How are you, Sam, that's why we're just making sure it's just a yes or no question. You don't even have to say the right amount itself or the numbers and no dogs, right?
No, we don't have any dogs.
So just keep your minds open. The specialists will be giving you a call after this one, it will be a brief one, just to make sure you have his direct line of contact. And of course, you know who's coming over. Like I said, Nothing trying to sell you something. And to be clear, no buying or leasing up any equipment, because the program will be providing it to you at new cost. It's going to be including the installation of one cost maintenance, money, powering repairs and warranty. All right,
none of those characters that sounds like some equipment change, not some equipment change. Basically, this is because that equipment is also going to be taking off the stress from the grid, but you're still going to get the rebates on that, so at the same time, you're enjoying the six in a much lower rate and locked in one, plus you get the rebates or the money back. Okay,
someone has to see what they have to say. I'll get a picture tomorrow again,
but you never tried switching over to a different provider or look into other options before, since you said you're paying close to 300 and summer, that's what, three to four months, well, typically it's over 300 but you mean another company, a.
Other programs. There are windmills, solar forms, what else do we have? Hydro?
Oh, no, I don't know. We can do that. Okay, no worries. That's why this program is in place. You're just getting information, no commitment, getting your questions answered, and also checking your meter if you do qualify. So that's even over 300 for summer. Let me just fix that one up. So specialists will be calling you after this. And of course, just have your phone open. He'll also text in case, if you have any auto blockers blocking your no numbers, kind of turning off for a bit, so he's able to reach you, and you will know who's coming over, all right, no, buy you're leaving so because my movie provides to you. Okay, have a great day now. Thank you for having a good laugh with me. Really appreciate after, after getting through Yes,
ma'am, surely will. I don't want to hear
Bye,
bye. Bye, okay, bye, bye.