This is Jeffrey.
My name is Denton. I'm just returning this call.
Okay, one second, yes, Mr. Denton, correct.
Well, yeah, it could be Mr. Denton. Okay, that's full name, though, by the way,
my name is Jeffrey. I represent what's called the net metering program. It's in partnership with center point.
If you had a chance to read the notices attached to your power bill,
it's a state No, yeah, no, I haven't read them. Okay? No worries. So the state of Texas has approved a relief program is for home owners to lower their energy costs. It's without any adapt to purchase anything out. But if you guys are approved, it's offering a flat rate for power. It'll be the same all year round.
Are you still the owner on 29, 510,
I am. In fact, they just came out my my electric bill went from four a month. That went to,
I think it was eight, then it finally went to almost 1300
and they came out and checked it and said, Yep, 1300 then they came out, checked it and said, well, everything's okay, and now this must build with 700
that's still outrageous. Oh yeah, I know late. I have not heard a high bill like that in a long time. Sorry to hear you.
Sorry to hear that.
It's only money you just work all your life and save some so you can give it to people. Yes, that's not, that's not right. Um,
so the program, it's ran through a PPA. I'm sure this could be a huge help for you guys. Are you familiar with it, with the PPA, by any chance? No, sir, you're not. Okay. So it's the same program that you have with the utility company where you agree to pay your light bill once a month. But here with the program, if, if you qualify, you're going to have a bill that's going to be the same all year round. You're not paying more in the winter or summer. Except the power does come from a solar system installing your home, but it is 100%
state funded. So the state covers the installation, the monitoring and the securing of the system. So it's making you self sufficient. You'll be producing your own energy. That's why it's offering from 30 to 60% lower. So I'm sure this could really benefit you guys, but it does require for you guys to have a 650, and above credit score. I'm not sure that would be a problem. Oh, I'm I'm probably right at that. Right at that. My question is someone would have to look to see if they could even do solar on my property.
Trees. Well, I got trees and stuff. I don't get Yeah, trees, yeah. I don't live. I don't live in the city. Understand? Okay, let me
double check.
Okay,
so yes, I'm looking at the property here. Just showed it does have a couple of trees around. It looks like it might, it might still have room.
So we can take a look at it. It takes about 10 or 60 minutes to make out the report. If we are going to be out there, we're booked up for today. I only have six and seven, six and 730 available for today, but tomorrow, I have all day.
Basically, we have morning and afternoon tomorrow, or if, if you're going to be home later this morning, we can stop.
Well, I won't be home this evening, morning tomorrow would be fine. I have to leave here at 10 o'clock.
Okay.
So 10am you're leaving. Yes, okay, and I'll be gone till about three.
Till three. Okay, well, you let me know tomorrow I have morning and afternoon available. Whatever time works best for you. Well, am would be fine if you can make it between nine and 10, nine and 10. Okay, I'll schedule you for 10. Do you have your most recent bill handy for the technician. We do thrive off the bill.
I can probably find it. Yeah, I'm sure. Okay, okay, perfect. So you will be receiving a call from the technician that's within 15 to 20 minutes. That's just so you can have a point of contact just in case something comes up on your end, or if he's running late from an appointment, just so you can have that point of contact already. Okay, okay, make sure you answer the call for him. Okay, any questions?
No.
If you come up with any questions, make sure you write them down on the paper and the technician will give you a solid answers. Okay, appreciate the time as Jeffrey.
As always, and I represent the net metering program. Have a blessed day. We'll see you tomorrow. Thank you. Bye. Now you're welcome.