Hello, Jill,
yes, hi. Good afternoon. There Brazil. My name is Jeffrey. We're following up on notice that was sent to 9830 to your address. It's in regards to the Take a load off Texas program. Not sure if you went through the notice.
No,
you do not okay, not a problem. Basically, the state of Texas has approved a relief program. It's for homeowners lower their energy costs, and it's without any adapt to purchase anything out. But if you guys qualify, it's offering you guys a flat rate for power. It'll be the same all year round. You're not paying more in the winter or summer time. You are the property owner there on 9830 Correct?
Yes. Okay, so we had, we have a technician. He's going to be out there today and tomorrow. He's going to be running an electric savings report. He does send us information to your home, and he does check the meter and he verifies the consumption rate, and based on that, you guys may qualify for the program. I mean, it will bring down your bill dramatically. But I do need to confirm, typically, we have neighbors paying $150
to 200 a month. Is that usually what you're paying as well?
Yes, you are okay. So yes, that's a requirement. It's for high users that are paying 150 or above. So it's through a PPA, a power purchase agreement. I'm not sure if you're familiar with that.
Do what the program is through a PPA, a power purchase agreement. I'm not sure if you're familiar with the
term. No,
you're not. Okay, no worries. So it's the same process you have with the utility company where you agree to pay your light bill once a month. But here the program is offering you guys a fixed rate. It was going to be a locked rate, and it must show you, I've seen it go as high as 60% lower. It depends on your usage.
So we do have a technician, like I mentioned, he's going to be except the power does run through a solar system. Install the home. It's 100% free of charge. The state is funding, okay? So the state installs, maintains and secures the system completely free of charge, and it's so basically, it's making you self sufficient. You'll be producing your own energy. That's why the program is offering you guys up to 60% lower than your average. Now, it does require, I'm sorry it does look it's for. It does require for you guys to have a 650, and above credit score. I'm not sure that would be a problem for you guys. No does not okay. So we are pretty booked up for today. We only have late this evening. I have 745,
eight and 830 but tomorrow we we're going to be in the area all day as well. We tomorrow, we do have availability in the morning and afternoon. It only takes 15 minutes. He just drops this off. He does the energy savings report, leaves the sign up documents. If you decide to move on forward with the with the program, you have to fill it out and send it back in.
Okay, today's out of the question. I go to bed at seven o'clock.
Okay? Yes, I gotta know. I gotta wake up to work at 130
understood. Okay, so well tomorrow, morning, afternoon, whatever time works best for you. We do have availability tomorrow. Yeah, I don't get home till 330 in the afternoon. For more 330 Okay, yeah, how about I just want to have a small window.
I could, I could schedule it for five, if you want four or what we're gonna be in that area.
Yeah, four is fine.
Four. Okay. You skip your schedule for you're going to receive a call from the technician that's going to be going out there. That's just so you guys can have that point of contact, just in case something comes up on your end. His he's running later. Just so you can have that point of contact, just make sure you answer the call for the technician.
Okay. Jeffrey Gonzalez, once again, I'm with the take a little off Texas program. If you have any questions, sir, make sure you write them down on a piece of paper. The technician will give you solid answers there.
Okay, okay, thank you very much. Have a blessed day. We'll see you tomorrow. Thank you. You too. Bye.