Hi there. Mrs. Sardella,
yes,
yeah, they called me. Yeah, yeah, sorry for for interrupting. My name is Tommy. I'm calling with the sash program provided by APS and SRP. Basically, if you guys are still paying $150
a month on the 19th Street for your electricity, the state of Arizona can provide you solar panels at no cost. It turns the home to an energy producer for the grid, Arizona will have ownership of the panels, but the installation, the maintenance and the battery, it's at no cost, and this is meant to keep you off the grid and still power other homes. Ultimately, it will lower your bill from 60 to 60% less, from 40 to 60% less of what you're paying. And Arizona will take the extra energy your battery can store, and they sell it back to the grid. Are you? Are you guys still paying $150 or more for power?
Um, yeah, usually, definitely in the summertime, yep, yep, that's when it tends to kick up. And I imagine I also, I do have a, I do have a brand new air conditioning unit, and then I just put new windows in my house. Yeah, that should help a lot, on average. Were you guys paying 150
already? Oh yeah for sure. Okay, okay, and so with the weatherization and the HVAC, that should definitely help out there.
But at the end of the day, really, this is just to see, to make this option viable for you guys, because I imagine you seen your your bill increase over the over the years, right? Because even the milk and eggs are going up. But yeah,
even with that being said, Ma'am, this is not based on income. This is just based on how much power you're using. And we're not looking for like a yes or no. We don't do anything over the phone. We have a technician in the area that can do a quick energy savings report. He just looks at your meter and verifies consumption, and he'll let you know where you stand as far as the savings go with this program. Would you guys have time, maybe, like at eight, to talk to a technician for 15 minutes
tonight? If possible. I know it's out of the blue, but that's his last appointment. I'm driving home right now, so
I'm driving home. I'm not even home yet from my my job here. So, oh, good night. But I mean, I'll be home at about 715, 720, okay, well, I don't want, I want you to kick off your shoes and relax a little bit. I could put it down for 830 just to be on the safe side.
Yeah, like tonight might not.
I mean, I'm gonna,
I got some other things I got to take care of tonight, so that's the only thing tonight might not be. And the rest of this week is just jam packed. So I understand, because that's that is what it's on his way to his house. That's why he can just pop off, just pop out really quick and like, Here go. And how long will it take? 15 minutes?
Okay?
Probably like 830 then 830 ish, 830 is fine.
And my technician will just call to introduce himself, and Casey's running a little late. He'll just let you know, but he'll call to introduce himself, so you're not like, Who are you when he comes up to the house and just there? And since is this totally I'm just curious, like, I'm not gay. I wouldn't be paying for anything if you did solar panels. I mean, I'm not paying like, one penny. You just said it's all free, exactly. Yeah, it's through the state of Arizona. The main goal is to turn homes into power producers. So that's why Arizona will have ownership of the equipment. So and you'll benefit from having a low fixed rate, and then they'll sell the extra energy to other homes that can't qualify for the program, unfortunately, but that's the win win for the state, and that's why they're offering this.
But the key thing is, we do ask the homeowner to have a credit score of 650, or higher to show responsibility, because there's, there's been folks with the we've provided the panels with folks with low credit. They're either late on their payments, or they even sell the panels, and it's not pairs, so that's why we ask people to have higher to have good credit. Is that what you said, Yeah, to show responsibility that you're like on time, your payments and stuff? Oh, well that, well that I am. Yeah.
That's no question. Yeah,
I'm never late on any of my bills.
That's one of the main things. Because we have tried it out with, like, with low credits before, but it didn't work out. So this is the standard line now, but that's basically the gist of it. Once the technician stops by, he'll drop off the info. You can review it with whoever you need to. And if you want to move forward, you can submit it on your own, but this is so you can have everything in black and white.
Okay, okay, so if
something were to work out, where I was able to get the solar panels or something. It's supposed to be better energy efficient, of course, right? Yep, yep, yep, and of course, you'll be helping other homes.
What about that? You'll be helping other homes as well. So like, because the panels generate, each panel generates about 18 to 616, to 18
power of hours of power. So your battery will store whatever you need whenever it's nighttime or it's cloudy, and you'll still have power, but the extra energy that will go to other homes. So at the same time, you're going green and you're still helping out the grid. So that's why Arizona is pushing this a little more, just so, you know, people can
condensate. Yeah, well, so what out? What happens with the regular air conditioning unit? Oh, that's considered. Yes, consider. So it's all done through the meter. So we're not going to have to, like, go into your house and change any wiring. It's all done through the meter. And that's why the technician would just look at your your consumption. He'll look at your paper bill, at the bar graph, and he'll be able to put everything into one like, Okay, this is how many panels you'll need, because you have the AC and so forth. So you'll definitely break everything down there for you so you have a good understanding.
Okay, okay,
just keep an eye for his call within 15 minutes to make the little introduction call, he'll call you on the eight, the 8863, number, and I'm speaking with Miss Felicia on 6853, South 19th Street.
Yep. All right, I'm the only owner. I'm the only owner of the house. Okay, got it, got it. And you still pay a pretty penny, even though you're still, is it you just live there by yourself?
No, I I have a couple of roommates. Okay, okay, okay, no, that's why it's a little up there. No worries. Well, Felicia, thank you so much for your time. Just keep it out for that call and we'll break down the info for you within 15 minutes. Okay,
okay, all righty, thank you guys. See you in a bit. All right, okay, all right. Bye. Bye.