Hello, hi, Jordan. This is still Jordan. This is Taylor speaking.
Oh, this is his wife, Emily.
Okay, how you doing? My name is Taylor, and we are reaching out to all the homeowners on bus devil drive about the net metering program. There was a notice we're following up on spin out with your images all about it. But has anyone reached out to you about the program yet?
No, okay. More
is this is a state approved relief program for homeowners to save on their electric bills. And with this program, your electricity comes from solar, and homeowners are only paying for electricity and it comes at a much lower rate. They call this the power purchase agreement. We're building savings reports so you could see what your monthly bill would be using the program you have to save, or be able to save at least $500 a year, or it's considered not to your worthwhile in your case, ma'am, I mean, do you recall what your highest bill is throughout the year? 350 Okay, well, you have to be above 150 so you're definitely there. Apart from from that, this written report will point out what your monthly cost, it condition of your roof, and any other recommendations the engineer can point out there are some basic requirements, apart from paying 150 This is to own the home. Are you this old home owner?
Yeah, okay. Oh,
and we do not check here the last one. We do not check here through the call in any way. But you cannot have any bankruptcies, any foreclosures, and you need a credit scoring good standing at 650 or more. Are you good on those three requirements?
Yeah, okay, great.
Now this report takes about 15 minutes to go over. All you need to have on hand is a light bill, and in this case, take a time when you're available with your husband. I don't know if is the evening the best time when you're both together. They're in your area right now, so it's pretty easy for them to drop by. Is the middle of day or the morning? Better?
It depends on the day.
My husband is gone during the day for work and I'm gone during the evening, like, okay, children's activities.
Okay? Is there, I mean, is there any time of the day that when, when you know you're both available, they make it super quick, then the only thing you have to have on hand is like, Well, as I say that, so they can see your consumption or leave you with that report. I
me, I have to check with my husband.
It depends on, even if he's home during the day, he still has to work from home, so it depends on meetings that he has understood.
I mean, some people, the most popular time is like eight in the evening. Is that a possibility?
I guess, for right now Thursdays. So today, Thursday evening
would be open, okay? Which
would six or 7pm be better for you, or is eight better? Those three times are
eight days better? I'm
sorry I didn't hear that eight 8pm
Yeah, okay,
8pm is available. So do you use any type of calendar or any way to schedule anything? If you could just put down energy savings report or even on a piece of paper, any way you like to do it, but just to keep track of it. And that's today Thursday, the 27th
and that's 8pm Okay,
today is the 27th and that would be today's Thursday, and that would be 8pm energy savings reports. Best way to put it, I highly recommend, just so you can make the most of the appointment. Anything that occurs to you between now and then, just write down your questions so you don't miss any of them. Okay, the information they can give you is specific to your home, and that's why they do it this way, just so you make the most of it. Please keep in mind there is work from our side and within this and the last thing you let the engineer know, if you weren't able to make it, just don't stand them up, and you will receive a call from them, probably within the next 15 minutes. It's a 32nd call, and all they do is introduce themselves, and that way you have a contact number. Okay. Is there any reason why you wouldn't be able to pick it up? I. No, okay, okay, perfect. I have you as Jordan
pablit, is that correct? Happy,
having what? Yeah,
okay, 1663,
East dust devil drive in San Tan Valley, Arizona, yeah, okay. And is this phone number to reach out? Is this a cell phone or a landline?
And yes, okay, perfect.
Okay. Well, as I say, just make yourself a list of questions that seems to always work the best. Feel free to reach out for any reason. My name is Taylor, and we will see you tonight, at 8pm okay, just have your Powerball on hand. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good bye.