Uh, hello, Louis.
How's it going. This is Ruben. I'm with the Take a load off Texas program. How's it going today? Where you from?
I'm with the Take a load off Texas program. Um, reaching out because of a notice that was sent out with your power bill. I don't know if you had a chance to read that notice.
I haven't been able to read it.
Okay? I was just telling you about the increase of electricity rates, and also about a program that state of Texas approved
to help you guys lower down your electricity bills.
Okay, do you guys? Do you guys pay more than $150
a month on electricity? Yeah,
okay,
though, how often is that
you guys stay over every single month? Yeah,
okay.
Are you still over on zero belly drive?
Yeah?
Okay,
yeah. So the reason I'm asking is because we're doing some work around your area,
and what we're doing is we're providing everybody what is called the energy savings report. They said no cost to you guys, but this shows you guys
how much energy your own can actually save, you know through this program,
quick question, Luis,
what is the highest build You guys got them
on your your electricity bill?
300 $300
yeah.
Okay,
so your bills range anywhere from 150 to 300
I don't think I've ever gotten a bill for 150 but I guess they're always up there, right?
Yeah, okay. Have you ever looked into solar for home?
Into what
solar panels free home? Oh, yeah, not interested at all.
Okay, I'm pretty sure it is because they were selling them. It was expensive, right?
That and the fact that you're putting them on a roof that
don't know if it's stabilized enough, you know, these homes have been out for a while. You're placing weights on top of a roof that, basically, I would have to change my roof prior to getting an inflation like,
okay, so how, how old is your roof?
I would guess my roof has got to be a lead. I've been in that home for two years that the roof is going to be at least over 10 years old.
Okay,
yeah. So,
okay. The reason I'm asking regarding this is because those are good questions to ask. You know, the tech, because sometimes some some other programs that are available for you can help you, also with your your roof. So, you know, we can kill two birds with one stone instead of, you know, just getting the solar,
you can get both the roof and the solar on 111,
flat bill. Meaning, yeah, that you would, you would be,
you would, let's say that on your build, right, you're paying about $300 from what, what you told me, okay, let's say that they said, You know what? Because, as you getting solar, you're gonna be dropping your price to $200 a month on electricity alone.
Well, that extra $100
you can put it towards your new roof. I have to you know both
being paying both for what you're paying already for your electricity,
that would be an option for you. I mean, you know the guys you talk to in reality, is the tech. So we have them working around your area today and tomorrow, and it's at no cost to you. I mean, the program, you only have to qualify for it, and if it can scratch anywhere from 30 to 60%
you know it would be worth something to say, look, take a look.
It. You know what I'm saying?
I mean, what company you're with? Um, with the Take a load off Texas program. It's an actual program. It's a state funded program.
You're still okay always. You're still over on your belly. Drive, right? 2338
you're the homeowner, yeah. How did you get that information? Okay, like I said, we have a tech that farms all public information for for the state to be able to provide you the full information regarding this. Okay, so we gotta, we gotta follow up and make sure that everybody gets the notices. Look, please,
you're already paying, you know, about $300 a month.
You're needing a new roof. I mean, this would be something
to look at without a commitment for you, we can go ahead and provide you the full information in person. The only thing that tech is going to do,
other than answer all your questions, concerns and doubts, is he going to take a look at your your bill, your electricity bill, and your meter, and based on the energy consumption rate, is going to provide you the best option for your home in regards to both options that you, that you have, you know, your roof, and the solar panels.
I mean,
would that be beneficial
for you? Okay, so are the solar energy one part you haven't told me about just telling me that I'm going to pay the roof with mine,
with the $100 I'm gonna be saving on electricity. Basically, you still telling me I'm gonna still gotta be paying for electricity,
right? But you're gonna be paying at a much lower rate. And what? What you're already paying for your electricity, you might be able to pay your your roof already, you know what
I'm
saying?
That's I'm gonna see if we can get you into a PPA, which is a power purchase agreement, so if your home qualifies, you don't have to buy them, release them. We provide them for you, and you just pay the electricity you use from them. But if your your home doesn't qualify for that, they're going to be able to tell you, you know what, instead of this, we have this option, and they're going to be able to tell you exact the exact amounts of what type of solar panels that what type of system, battery, backup, converter, converter, all that good stuff, including how much your bills would be in comparison with what you're paying now.
Okay,
so, I mean, the, I mean, the only thing that they require is that you guys do have a 650, and above credit score, which I'm sure that's not an issue, right?
Yeah, I don't have an issue with that.
Okay,
are you gonna be available today?
By you telling me that you're basically gonna be I'm gonna finance dollar banner.
Okay, like I said there's several options. The one I'm looking for is the PPA to make see if you can qualify for that program. If you don't like I said, they're gonna be able to provide you any other options available. Okay, what qualifies that program?
Okay, that's what we want to see. That's why the tech is going to go there. He takes a look at your bill and takes a look at your meter, and based on the energy consumption rate, your home house, is going to be able to provide you. You know what? This is the best program available for you or or you know what you do qualify to the PPA,
okay, so
for me to meet the tech tomorrow instead of today? Yeah, yeah, we can definitely do it. So matter of fact, Luis, I'll have them give you a call right after we hang up, so you have a contact number and you know, a point of contact for both of you, just in case, tomorrow, for any reason, something happens and you're not able to make it, you know, you can give us a call and reschedule, or if he gets, hopefully not, You know, he gets into a fender bender and he's running a little late or something, you know, hopefully not. I pray that, God, he never gets into an accident. But you know, that way you guys actually have a point of a contact.
Okay, that'll work. Okay. Are you available in the mornings?
Are you available more in the afternoon,
in the evening,
say around seven? Would that be good?
Seven works.
Okay,
all right. What power company do you pay your electricity to?
Believe it's TX You.
TX You. I have them still,
because I paid my mom's bills so
well. I gotta take care of her, man, she took care of me,
most definitely my brother saying you got for nothing, little
can equal
say, but you already know. You already know
familia, when they got in everything. And you know what's funny, I'm the one that has the least, and then the one that helps the most, it always happens. That means you'll be the cross, the one that cried the
last
which hopefully in a very long time. But I hope so whenever you help your family, basically, and they, they, they go away,
they, you're the one that you know I was closest to them. Did the best you could do for them. So you don't have that regret. You don't have that feeling the best shit, man, I should have done more for my mom. Shit. I should have done this. I should have done no, you did it all. At the end of the day, your conscience is clear.
You know what I'm saying? That's what I tell my brother,
most definitely, most definitely, bro. I know that, and I know that feeling with my stepmom, because I was also there for when my my step sister, her own daughter, wasn't there for so she got mad at me because I was there. I'm like, hey, you know what, sis, no matter what, you're still my sister. We might not be blood or anything, but you know what? To me, doesn't matter, because, you know, we grew up together. I do have family that you don't know, just like I you have family I won't ever know, but I'm still gonna be there for you. But just remember that, that mom was mom, and you know, we gotta, we gotta have respect for dad, too.
Yeah, basically, you gotta remember that you
cover your parents is the blanket your kids are going to cover you with. I mean, you get older.
Example, you the example you you put upon them.
Your kids will see everything you do.
It's almost like, it's almost like a training. You know, they see that, you know, you took care of your parents. You did stuff for your parents. You know you were there for them. There's a very high chance whenever you get old and you need the things that your parents need now that you'll probably get back, if not more, because they they see it's something you teach into guys.
What you are doing now is what you learn from your parents. You become what you what you were raised at.
So I think, I think you got a good background, man, you guys, you had a good head on your shoulders.
Well, I've been trying, man, I've been trying because it is hard. You know,
it's like, if it wasn't hard and you're afraid of doing it, Then why were you born? There
ain't no point you gotta be afraid of living. You know, you gotta fight the fight.
Definitely wake up every day. God gave you, you know, you super breathing, your blood still popping. You got the strength go do it again.
The day you wake up, you're not there. No more that that God says you're done
so till that day shows up.
Push that. Push as hard as you can every day so that you don't regret every any minute of it.
So that's my model man
throughout the year.
Yeah, I learned that
there's nothing. There's no guarantee. Some days are high, some days are low.
So there'll be a day that you'll look back, you're like, god damn man, I
good thing. I everything I've done because I'm spending what I'm spending because I did everything I did not I'll be spending with my brothers or sisters.
Just remember that don't, don't ever.
Put yourself down no matter how much money you make.
Sometimes you make less money than everybody around you, but you're the happier,
because when you make more money than everybody else, sometimes you're so focused on it that at the end of the day you're not happy. So enjoy what you got because God gave it to you. God gave you every opportunity you will get. God gave it to you,
but don't, don't miss it. Enjoy it, whatever it is, if it means or at stake. Enjoy it like it at stake every day. The end of the day, it was provided for you, and you're doing better than somebody else. There's always somebody else doing worse than you.
Oh, definitely, that's why I, you know, I keep on striving, still keep on pushing that way. My family's always taken care of anything else I do, you know, as a matter of
just time. Because, like I said, no matter what, God will repay me for everything I've done, and I'm sure that this is gonna be
even better,
man. I ain't gonna lie, you're the first sales person that I'm actually
talking
to. Most, most people I just fucking like, Man
or like,
man. So you know what I do for a living, right? So I'm, no,
I'm a GC for a construction company. So basically, I got contractors. I had contractors all over the place. I build homes for a living.
So contracting, they can come and do my roof and probably be beat the price that you're you're gonna offer me on it, but why not listen to it? You know,
remember that you never know who you're gonna meet, what connection you're gonna make. So
I guess today was the day that it was meant for me to listen to you. But normally,
honestly, if you get a chance get your phone number from Houston, because the Odessa one is very, very weird. I picked it up.
It was weird, but it was a very close call from me picking it up, because being from out of state is like, Okay, I don't have nobody in Odessa. I don't know why they're calling me. Yeah, the reason why is because we're working with the whole state. I mean, so we're just, you know, we're here in the call center, and we have to make them calls. I myself, you know, I do whatever I can to help my family. I mean, I got hurt in 2019 where I can't do physical work. I used to do construction. I used to be amazing.
So
personally looking, I'm not gonna lie, I'm personally looking for like, like a company, because honestly, my economy is not doing very well enough. But I am looking for like, like, a job I can do for my house, you know, like, like, right now I'm on my way to my house. I want to be able to show up to my house and if, like, if I could sit down on a desk and call people and, like, make money doing that. Why not? But I honestly, like, I don't know where to start on that, but I guess one day, one day, I'll find somebody that guides me through it. So, you know, I can have, like, a part time job in the evening, but I'm still at home, but I do, you know, make a little bit more.
Oh, definitely, definitely, the same way. I mean, I'm glad I'm on the pension, but it's not enough. So I had to go, you know, I had to get back to work because I got two little ones still, and I got to take care of too. So I'm doing everything that I can to take care of my family, no matter what I
do,
most definitely. Hey, Luis, right now, remember, you're gonna get that call. I already sent the information in, so I want to be on the phone and then have the tech give you a call and whatever. You know what I mean. We have a great evening. I'll talk to him, and we'll see what comes from.
It doesn't it's like it takes, it'll take me some time just to listen to him. That's it.
Louise, well, you have a wonderful day, and God bless bro.
God bless man, take care yourself. Jesus said, bye, bye.