Hello, Michael.
Yeah.
Hey, Michael. Daniel Weatherford, here, we'll take a load off of Arizona. How are you today?
Yeah, okay,
wonderful, wonderful. Hey, really, really, really, quick here. Um,
the reason that I'm calling is because this week, we're out in Maricopa, and we're talking to the homeowners about becoming producers on side of energy, as opposed to just consumers. Is that something that you would consider?
Nope,
no, no, you don't already have, you don't already have solar over on DS drive,
yeah, but it's not enough to even do this house. So why did, why do it
really? What do you mean? Are you paying two bills?
Yeah, no way. You're kidding me, yeah, no, I'm not. Paying. So I'm paying for the $108
for the solar, and then about $100 for the electricity, and that's gonna be going up in the heat when it gets here.
So, so you're paying what, like $200 or $150
on an average, on just on your
my 16 panels, I'm still paying an average
with both bills, probably about 250
Golly.
Okay.
Well, look, recommend anybody to get that shit. Well, what I was gonna say is that we're running a program where you don't have to invest out of your pocket. It's through a power purchase agreement.
And I never had, I I never have to
for the panels now,
nor, No, I never nor the maintenance. The only thing that you pay for is what you consume from the panels. That's it.
And what does that usually come out to?
It's anywhere from 30 to 60% less than what you're paying now.
Being that, being that you're, you know, you're, I'm not saying, I'm not calling you a liar, nothing, but being that you're telling me that you're paying, you know, $250
I mean, if that's the truth, we can get it towards the truth.
Okay, and you, and you, you have energy bills to prove that.
Well, I throw them away after I pay them. But I just paid one, it was 100 and
I think $134
something like that. Well, time like it's in my account, my checking account, so I could show you,
okay,
and we you mind me. Stop you want you mind us stopping by to talk to you about it.
When,
when? When are you available? I have a vision that's in your area.
I'll be available tomorrow, but I not today.
Okay, let's see tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I think Edward has Edward Tony and Jason. Let's see here.
What time are you thinking tomorrow?
Anytime, really,
anytime. Okay.
Why couldn't you do tonight? Are you not at home?
Yeah, but I gotta go pick up my wife and
run a bunch of errands and all that shit, and we won't be back till late.
Oh, okay, okay, yeah, I understand it's gonna be past 830 when you get there, huh?
Yeah,
okay, tomorrow at 10am then,
okay,
that sounds good. And then I'll, I'll have my, uh, I'll have my technician call you so he can introduce himself. That work. All right, yeah, all right. Sounds good. Don't forget to answer that call. Okay,
I will. He's gonna call you. He's gonna call you from here, like, within the next five minutes or so. That way he can introduce himself. I'm going to go ahead and shoot him your number. All right. He'll see you tomorrow at 10am Listen, tell him that the name of the program that I'm talking to you about is called Take a load off of Arizona.
All right, okay, all right. I appreciate your time. See you tomorrow. Bye.
You