See Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying
Hello, hello, hello, hello, Arturo. Yeah. Hi, Arturo. This is Daniel Weatherford with the net metering program. How are you today, sir, Okay, wonderful. Arturo. I'm just giving a really quick call to remind you we're going to be there at 3pm to give you the savings report. Okay, remember that the it would only take about 15 minutes to kind of give you an idea of how we can help you reduce the bill from 30 to 60% okay,
you go ahead.
What about the credit
so, about the credit score, let's see you said that it was a 680 Correct? Yes. Okay, yeah, you're, you're good to go as long as long as you don't, you don't have, you know, like a foreclosure on the home. We just check to make sure that you're a responsible homeowner. And that's it. Okay,
I'm gonna be paying a month.
It's gonna that's what the savings reports gonna let you know. What we'll do is my we will when we show up, we'll check the meter, we'll check your electric bill to see how much consumption, and then we'll be able to let you know how much lower we can get it, but it's anywhere from 30 to 60% less a month. You said you're paying around $500 a month, right? Yeah, so we're talking about anywhere from
anywhere from 180 to $200
less than what you're paying now, okay? And that's just an example, okay, that's the panels, correct, correct. And you the the panels. It's no money out of pocket to you. It's a state funded program, so the it comes with the insurance of the panels, the maintenance, because we want them to be working properly for you, okay? And also, if you if it qualifies, if the home qualifies, we would be installing the battery system. That's if it qualifies, okay, and we'll let you know that at three at 3pm
systems. So
it's for the battery system. It's, in case of like, you have power outages, it would automatically kick in so that you don't ever lose power.
Oh, okay,
would be working. Oh
yeah, they will. But in case that that ever happens, the majority of the homes, they don't need a battery system because of the area that you're in, right? And the how we set it up is that we make sure that it's offset it correctly, so that you don't ever have to worry about power outages. But sometimes the home doesn't allow us to do that. Okay? So either way, we'll, we'll let you, we'll let you know at the time, at three o'clock, what what it could take, what it could be an outcome of. And then I just wanted to make sure 3pm is still good, right? Yeah. Okay, perfect. That's the latest. I may be there by like, 305 but no longer than 305 and we're just going to be meeting you at 1464, West travel, drive, right? Yes. Okay, perfect. I'll go ahead and we'll go ahead and see you there. Arturo, I thank you very much for your time. If you don't have any any more questions, we'll see
here. I got, okay, yes, if I, if I change to this program, they're going to charge me
$200 I think, for
messing up a contract. Okay?
We'll pay for that. It's not going to you're not going to have to change, and we'll explain how that works at the time of the appointment. The way that it works is that we get the permission to operate that way. You don't have to worry about switching from the provider. Okay,
so I'm still gonna be paying there.
No, no, it's gonna be like a bill swap. So we will get the permission to operate with the solar panels. You won't. The only thing that you'll have to pay is the electric bill of what you consume from the panels. That's it. Okay,
yes, sir. But when I see that, I did bring sign a contract with just energy, yeah, that's, that's, that's not
an issue. We get the permission to operate without you having to switch.
Okay, okay.
All right. Thank you very much, and we'll see you at 3pm
Okay, bye, bye.