Hey, Charlotte, yes. Hey, this is Wesley from light reach. How are you? Sorry? Go ahead. You're from where? From light reach.
I don't guess I know what that is. Well,
we're basically the ones who have the net billing program in big spring right now, I'm sure you've probably seen the electric rates go up, and that's basically why we've been calling everybody. We actually sent out a notice not too long ago about that, and then basically the program that we've rolled out for homeowners to enroll in to kind of counter those rate increases. And what we're basically doing is we're putting people in a position where they're a producer rather than a consumer, and helping them basically cut the cord with the power company, so that people are able to not only lower their monthly electric bills, but also lock in the rate, having it never go up. So I don't know if you got that notice, or if you read that at all, or responded to that.
I don't know that I'm not interested in having the solar panels because I'm 76 years old and there's no way that I'm going to live to finish paying an offer. I mean, it's just, it's just not feasible, yeah, but thank you very much.
Well, Charlotte, and just just before I let you go, I would like to say, though, that what you're saying is would have been correct with the old program, because people used to finance it, right? And they take out a big loan, and then, yes, you're waiting forever to recoup the investment. But this program is what we call a power purchase agreement, and it just simply has charges you for the power that the panels produce. So you're not spending any money out of pocket, we're spending any money overall. We're the ones paying and installing the system on your house, and we're charging you for the energy, and we're guaranteeing that it's lower than what you pay now. And if you did sell the house or you pass it down to somebody else in the family, it would transfer over the same way the power company would. So that's where the program is different and where it does make sense for older people, as opposed to the traditional ones that everybody has heard about
already. Oh, yeah,
yeah. And again, like, what you say is very valid, because I get that a lot right. A lot of people, like, wow. In the past, you know, people would pay cash for them, where they take out the loans, and, like, it would take forever. And even with the loans, people would still save money. But if you're older, I mean, you typically have a fixed income, so you don't get to, you know, get get the tax credit, right? And so this program, yeah, and this program is literally designed, I would say, for people who are retired, for people who are on a fixed income, because it guarantees that you're paying less money. You're, you know, producing it off site, so you're not relying on the power company anymore, and there's no total overall cost that you have to pay back. In fact, if something happens to the system. Because, you know, we have storms, sometimes we have Hill we're the ones who are liable to come out and fix it, because we own it.
Yeah, well, can you send me? Can you send me paperwork on that? Yeah? Well,
yeah. Well, that's exactly why we were calling, because we've had technicians out in the area, in Big Spring, Midland, Odessa, and we've been dropping off the savings support with everybody. The only thing is we need to take a look at somebody's actual usage to draft up that report. So the reason I called you specifically is, one, I think your house is good fit for it. And two, we would like to have the technician give that to you at the house, so that you can have those numbers in hand and see what it looks like. And I'll be the first one to tell you that if it comes back and it makes no sense or it doesn't save you any money, we obviously wouldn't do it, because I don't want to put you in a position where you would pay more for your power, right? Well,
I appreciate that. But have you, have you gone on online and looked at at your work my house? Yeah, yes, yes. Because I see that, because I've got trees. That's a wazoo.
Yeah, I see that you have some trees on the on the west side of the roof a little bit. But then, on the other hand, I also do see that you're, you have a south facing portion, so I guess what it really depends on. And this is a question for you, what are you roughly paying on average to the power company?
Oh, don't even go there.
Oh, that must be hard, Bill. It
is the hottest, hardest half, believe me. Let me turn this television down. Yeah, go ahead and I'll look it up and see what I've been saying. Sure, I don't like to look at it. It
just comes out automatically.
No, I yeah, for all of us, it's just like, it's not like we can ever call them and say, Hey, I've been paying them for 10 years. Can you guys give me a discount? They never do that. Yeah, well, and we can't cancel them either. Talk
to the water department like that too. Okay,
and
let me pull up on. That sound
billion to a trillion dollars
a year, from 600
to a trillion within
two years, and I think we'll be very well, I mean, right from the beginning,
construction
jobs, But you also
know, because of what's happening,
pharmaceuticals in order to bring our pharmaceutical industry back, we don't make anything in terms of drugs, medical drugs, different types of drugs. If you need medicines, it's in other countries, largely made in China. Is very smart
because of our other
Do you get it on paper, or you're getting it online? Online,
online. Yeah, I just
again, even if you just have, like, an average amount in your head, right? I mean, well, I'm just trying to get an average idea.
The lowest I've had when I was away for three months, for $385
Ouch, that's the lowest, and nobody was home.
That's quarterly, right?
No, where's that monthly? That's a monthly, oh, my God. And what's, what's the highest when you have, because that must be in the summer, 580
I think, yikes. Then they either more cold or real hot,
yeah, well, I mean that. I mean those are the hot, the higher the bills, the more you would save. You know, like for some customers out there, were able to cut down their bill by like 40, 50% depending on their utility providers, so and again, on that same program, where they know that all they're responsible for is paying whatever energy that those panels produce and having it maintained by us.
Yeah? So, yeah. I mean, that's, that's what I didn't want, was another big bill,
right? And that's what most people so just so you know as well. So the reason why some people have had experiences and come back and say, oh my god, I got the solar panels, but I have two bills now, one from the utility company, one from the solar panels, is either one or two reasons. So one, people setting you up for failure and not taking a look at the actual kilowatt hour usage. And number two, sometimes people are just still waiting to have it turned on, because at the end of the day, the day, the city and the power company give you the permission to operate. And if people cut corners, that can't happen. But most of the time, if not all the time, it's simply because somebody went off of a guesstimate and didn't come on a person to look at the actual bill and get it exact.
Yeah, that makes sense, right?
So, like I said, we have people out in the area. I don't know if you're available tomorrow. Tomorrow's Thursday, we still have some slots in the afternoon and also the evening to draft up the report and leave that with you.
Well, I mean,
you're more than welcome to send somebody, and I'll be home, okay, but I won't be very presentable, because I'm redoing my kitchen right now.
I'm redoing my kitchen like
ceiling off and and I mean, dirt work. 76 Yes, well, I tell you, I'd rather do it myself, slowly, then pay to have it done wrong, right?
I'm similar, yeah, I agree.
I have been that. I have been that way. I mean, I worked it, I yeah, when I was working, and I had my husband and my mom, my husband had Parkinson's, and my mom was
80 something, I
bought a lawn mower so, so that I could, I could mow the yard. Well, the ladies at work said, What is wrong with you? Hire your yard, because I have a big yard. Hire that done. You cannot keep doing it yourself. So. So I hired my new lawn mower. My new lawn mower left with the people that were mowing it, and my husband and my grand my mother were standing at the kitchen window going, Well, that just looks like like Charlotte's new lawn mower. Well, heck yeah, it was, yeah, that's why I don't, that's why I don't hire it done.
I totally understand that, yeah.
But anyway, yeah, if you want to send somebody over, just yeah, that's all come over. I'll be home. We'll be making a difference. I work until two in the morning. So Wow.
Well, that kitchen.
Well, I when I get you know, when I get going, I don't want to stop, because it's hard to get going
once you're in the groove and you have the momentum going, then, yeah, I do feel you on that. Well, then I would say probably will just drop by at like, 2pm like, kind of like, a
like, sounds good. All right. And then I don't have anything planned, all
right? And then one last question for you, what's the name of your current power company?
Encore, encore, okay,
Jesse, they are the real bad guys. They're the ones charging the most out of anyone for your action, really, kilowatt hours. Yeah, no, it's true. I mean, at the end of the day, Encore is also the the way it works. In Texas, obviously we have deregulated energy, so we're we can typically switch and pick whoever we want, but everything comes from encore. So you have all these, I'm sure you know other people that you know in Texas that might have reliant or Green Mountain, or you know TX, you and it, but it all comes from the same source.
And unfortunately, if you are, it's probably have it's possible
it's all part of it. But if you have TX You or ENCORE reliant, those are the power companies that we see the biggest savings with, because they do what we call net metering, so they have to pay you the same money back as you would pay them when you deliver your energy back then. Yeah, so that's why. Another reason why I'm calling people in your area specifically because I don't want to talk to people who I can't help.
Yeah, right. Well, I'm game to listen to it.
Yeah. Well, I noted that down. I put down 2pm
I got your average bill here, and then you might get another call from, from Joe. He works for me. He typically gives like a, like another confirmation call, just so, you know. And then, with that being said, Yeah, we're all good to go for time.
What would Joe's last name be?
Joe? Joe's last name is, is Moon offs
Okay, that's not it, yeah, because I just got a, I just got a call from a Joe Simpson or other that I didn't know, so I didn't answer. Yeah,
it can't have been my Joe, but like I said, he might call you today, he might call you tomorrow, but I'm just letting you know, and then, yeah, I got everything else, so yeah, well, we'll see you tomorrow at 2pm
All right, sounds good. All right,
thank you, and good luck with the kitchen tonight. Oh yeah.
All right, I'm so sick of popcorn ceiling I could just vomit.
But, yeah, take care, and we'll see you tomorrow. Okay,
I will thank you very much. Bye bye, bye, bye.