Hello, Mr. Pierce.
Who is this? Hi, good day, and Mr. Pierce, this is Anna. Thank you for giving me a call back. I represent what's called net metering, and in partnership with center point, I was just reaching out earlier regarding the work being done this week in Illinois Street. Have you already is regarded to state whether relief programs are called net return. Have you already received information regarding this or not yet, not yet. Not yet. I see So basically, the state of Texas has approved a relief program based on consumption for homeowners and regardless of income, and this is to lower the energy cost without any kind of debt to purchase anything out so only providing information today and how you can qualify, because if you are approved, you'll be provided a fixed and a mature rate That would be for the electricity. It will be the same all year long, no rate increases as well, year by year.
Now I got one problem, though I've recently, I'm still locked into a contract to an energy provider. Is that going to cause problems? Because,
no, no, no, because you're not going to be switched over to a different company or provider, so you're under contract and or religious, or just
something like that. I'm not the keeper of the bills for the house some of that stuff.
No worries. I mostly hear that from the husband. They say, Oh, I just make the money. She pays the bills.
It feels like it sometimes. I've got to help her shop with it, but overall, she ended up championing that stuff, and I just stay out of her way.
We're always just providing information. To be clear, we're not telling you anything, all right. I'm sure getting a lot of those calls as well. Yeah, let me just take note of that for your wife keeps or pays the bills for the household, okay, but this is still the correct COVID, 3313, in Illinois, not an old address. No, that's correct. Okay, all right, so it seems then you're okay. So she's the one taking care of the bills. I guess she has not even discussed the fear probably should miss it, because you should have received it by mail and also through the copy of the bill, after the statement of how material in consumption, like past month already. So work being done this week is, since we're just only providing you today, how you can qualify for not asking you to make any decisions over the phone. The work being done this week in this area is that the program is making sure this time, the homeowner receives the information that will be in a written document. So what the program is doing is we're sending out an energy specialist at your best time, not just randomly, you know, showing up in your home, so you know this is actually the person, and that's at no cost to you for your security and safety as well. So we'll set up a better time for that to help you provide any full information in a written document, that way you have something to read with your significant other or spouse, and you can both receive information at the same time, as well as have your questions answered so you're fully informed.
I can appreciate that. Yes. So we're just making
sure you're aware about this, and that will only take 10 to 15 minutes. What he's going to be doing is just checking the meter, verifying the consumption rate, then, based on that, you can qualify. So all you'll need would be a copy of the bill. Are you aware, though, if you're getting it by paper, or would that be online? On the email?
I think we're paperless.
Okay, so that would be online. Let's see. Let me just take note of that. So online. All right, well, then that's all that you need to have ready. You don't even need to print it out. It will actually still be showing your consumption rate and how much you are paying for the electricity, because typically homes in the area are paying 150, to 200 Are you aware, though, because he has that much consumption, or she's never, yeah,
no, just about 150 200 I think I'm paying more than that. Okay,
so more than 150 to 200 All right, Bill, and even on summers, I suppose it goes higher. Is this an all electrical Well,
no, we have gas for the heater in there. And just, I know our electric bill for this last bit was around 200 something dollars, you know, for a cold season, which is a little weird, but I know our bill has gone up a little bit because we had to lock them to a higher rate.
Oh, yes. And are you also then aware about the upcoming reason may due to the increase. What was that? Again, demand for electricity,
or you're not yet.
No, that's gonna be fun.
Well, that's why the program is in place. No worries. That's what we're just providing information. You're not committing to anything, and you're not paying for anything. It's a relief for the master all this peers and Mr. Pierce rather so a bill is more than 200 recently. And kind of weird, since it's a cold season for you, this is the first time it's gone up to 200
I mean, we've had, we've had electric bills in the past that have been 300 the heat and stuff like that. It's our house is a bit older.
Okay? It's a bit older. All right, I'll take notice that. So 300 ish for some months before, but
that's probably the worst I've seen my bill. I'll say it like that,
which was the worst during hot, hot months or hot season. All right, okay, so all you need to have would be the copy of the bill that you're getting online, either way paper or online works, because he will also not just be providing information and answering your questions, checking the meter and verify your consumption rate. So also provide you an electric savings report. He'll be building one for you, which is showing, in comparison, how much you pay now versus how much the program will be saving you. That way, you could see the numbers yourself, and the program will make sense to you, so you're not just blindly signing up on a form and Well, typically, then for me to check the calendar as well where we have someone available at your best time only 10 to 15 minutes. Do you guys work the same hours like a day job? Nine to five? Or would be
your I'll be your nine to five kind of person for this one, I know my wife has availability throughout the week, but something like this, I want to keep educated on so I can help too.
Okay, okay. And to be clear, being in contract right now or having it renewed is not going to affect that. So, all right, so nine to five weekdays, that's your availability, your help, I can.
I'll say like this, I can make some availabilities if y'all need to have someone come out and look at stuff. I depending on what y'all have, I know this Thursday in the AM, I will be available, but after that, I'll have to double check
schedules. Okay, so let me just make that Thursday, and this is still your best number, ending in 1089, yeah. Okay, so you have an idea how what are the working hours they work. They've been working since Monday, from 10am to 8pm to cater to homeowners that are also working and not retired or working different odd hours with their significant or others or spouses. So Thursday morning is your best availed facility. All right, okay, and typically, this is the no money out of pocket program, meaning you're not buying or leasing any equipment. You're also not taking out any loans, no occurring of any type of debt, and the lien will be placed on your home. It will be the same way as what you're doing right now every month, just paying for the electricity, but that will be at a fixed at a much lower rate, so the rating increases and lock in rate, since the program is already providing you the equipment, which are solar panels, but you're not buying or leasing it, since it relief program being maintained by people making only those electric payments that Essex and lower rate on time. So that will also include, come again, if
this is something for like solar,
is this something that y'all are doing is like an evaluation for solar panels in that push? Because I know I've had someone come up before, and they had stated that there wasn't really any good selections or areas for my house to have solar panels because of tree coverage.
You looked into solar with someone, was it to buy a lease, and they it
was some program that before, uh huh,
and they said, because of the trees, but they know your consumption, or No,
I would assume they know my consumption, because they came to them and I was talking to them throughout the day, and they did check the meter, but like I had talked to them, and they said, Yeah, We'll come back to you with something. You know, we'll have some information. I didn't hear anything, so I did a follow up call myself, and then like, well, there's no real viable spot for solar from the evaluation due to tree coverage.
Let me check that exact address is still at 331 Entry, but you're actually getting, this is the right home, right? 3313, Illinois Street Fair, you're still getting 1640 hours of usable sunlight per year, and you have 972 square feet available for solar panels. So let me check quickly. I don't want to misinform you on that. So the trees are still there. Are they really fit? Based on what I see here, they seem thin.
Yeah, they're gonna be, it's gonna be either pecan or, I can't remember the other one, but the biggest one that got away from what I'm giant pecan Creek. Yeah, pecan tree in the back. And I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't think I'm gonna ever want to remove that thing, because it keeps my house.
Okay, that's the country,
so you they actually told you that you don't have enough coverage. I guess it also depends on what panels are actually trying to
Yes, because it varies.
Yeah, I figured that when I first got them to look through it because I was interested in it, because, don't get me wrong, if there's something I can do to put back into the grid, along with keeping my bill, that means I'm helping everybody out. So that's a good idea. It
takes from the grid, meaning less maintenance fees being priced gouged,
yeah,
let me just quickly check on that, because I'm actually looking at the software that we're using. So there's a big country. It looks dead here on my end, though. Let me check further.
Yeah, so in the back of this property, you'll see, well, in the back of this property, on that lot, you'll see two buildings that'll be mine. The center area there has a giant tree that sprawls up and it goes and it does bloom and gives leave, so it's still alive and kicking. Now I don't know how old your images are because my neighbor next to me did have a tree that towered even higher than that, many, many, many years back, but that has been demoed and pulled down because it died during the 2016 free
Okay, so that's the pecan tree I'm just zooming in now. That should be I'm using the Maps now, but you've considered solar before. All right, I'll take note of that. And if ever the first Thursday, of course, we're going to be calling you back on this. All right, if ever, then first Thursday morning, we have 1011, and 12. Though, which one would work best for you. Let's
get it 10. We'll just get it knocked out.
Okay? 10am
all right. And since the program is being maintained by people making electric payments on time, you we're making sure we're actually qualified and responsible homeowners. You have not filed any bankruptcy, foreclosure or late payment.
I don't even have enough money to do that anyways.
Thank God we don't want any of that. That's just a headache, and we're not running credits, since you're not buying or leasing anything, right? And the installation, upfront cost maintenance, what else? Installation, upfront cost maintenance, monitoring, repairs and warranty are all completely covered for the homeowner, so you're not going to be the one maintaining and monitoring it. We're not running credit but just to make sure you're in good standing, last time you checked, was it at least 650 or even higher? Yours? Okay, higher. All right.
Do you have any dogs that we should be aware
of? Ah, I'll say like this. I don't have any dogs on my property, but I do know that there are some strays in the neighborhood. So if anyone's just make them aware of that, they're not friendly. We don't well, I'll say like this, any stray dog you should always avoid, even if they look not and we have any real issues with dogs and all that stuff like actually getting people, but I know people can be scared of seeing dogs walking around.
Yes, we don't want rabies now, shots are painful, and this, it's not comfortable, all
right. So, yeah, I promise you, you probably have more, I was gonna say you probably have more chances of getting rabies from something like a fish than you do a dog is letting you
a fish. I haven't heard that one. Well,
fish can't give it to you, but you're more than likely to get something from a fish than you would a dog biting you with rabies. You'd be surprised how rare those places actually are.
Yeah, that's actually the first time I've heard about it. I'm gonna look into that. But yes, well, I do see you're still getting quite enough time, like here in my anvil, that's 972 square feet of solar panels, and your consumption is 200 Or more recently, and the highest, like a 300 ish, nothing, nothing above, like up to 400 right?
Not that I remember, no, I think I would have had a heart attack of that happened.
Not nothing higher, okay, nothing up to 400 All right, so just make sure to write this down first. And will it just be you then and yourself will not be there by 10 on a Thursday. She may be busy, that's why. Okay, all right, but we just don't want to cause misunderstandings in confusion. Yes, you've both looked into it before, right? Yeah, okay. Because sometimes when you know that the wife gets on the door and then special thinking you're asking for being sold or something, so none of that you're not being sold, getting your question standard and the energy savings report. So no worries. Then, just to make sure, sir, that the specialist is able to reach you prior 10am this coming Thursday, please take note that he will be giving you a call back within the next 15 to 30 minutes in this phone number ending in 10809, it will be from a different number. So that will be a quick call to make sure you have a direct line of contact in case, you know, get every schedule or he's getting into a vendor, vendor, God forbid, but yes, just finally, make sure to check the calls that you might be getting in a bid, and also check your missed calls. Sometimes the carrier is blocking and no numbers, but they'll also send you a text so you know who's coming over, not just some random person knocking on your door, right? So I do have everything here in my hand. Just have your bill ready so what you're getting online? All right? Appreciate your time. Mr. Pierre, thank you so much. You have a great day. I hope
you have, I hope you have a smooth rest of your day too. All right, bye for now. I love you. Thank you. Bye.