Hello Mr.
Mrs. Wheeler, good day. This is Anna. I represent what's called net metering in partnership with Oncor. So I'm just reaching out regarding the work being done this week in June Avenue. Have you already received information about the state funded relief program called net metering. Or not yet? No. Okay, not yet. So the state of Texas has approved a relief program based in consumption, regardless of income. It's in response to the price increase for electric green CDU and deliver fees coming up in May. So this is the program for homeowners to lower the energy cost without any kind of debt to purchase anything else. Meaning, if you're approved based on consumption, you'll be provided a fixed and a much lower rate for the electricity. It will be the same all year long, no rate increases as well, year by year. Okay, so just providing information today and how you can qualify over the phone, but I'm not asking you to make any decisions. Since what the program is doing this week as work since Monday is that the program is making sure the homeowner receives the information this time at a within a written document, and the specialist will be sent out to also answer the questions, so you're fully informed how the program works. No payment shall be made for services. He's already paid by the program. He'll just check the meter, verify the consumption rate, but then, based on that, you could qualify. So that will be set up at the best time when wearing you are both available, so you can go receive information and ask questions. And only needed would be copy of your bill that do you have it on paper, or is it online?
It's online, but I could get it. I can get a paper copy.
Okay, well, yes, so either way it works, Bill online and copy on paper. So all you need would be at least 15 minutes of your time, because he's also not just going to be providing you information and answer questions and check the meter and verify consent rate, but he will also be providing you a custom electric savings report, so that will be referring to the copy of your bill versus to how much you're going to be saving with the program. So you can see the numbers yourself and how the program could actually make sense for you then. So just to make sure, we actually have you on your best time, and we have someone available as well for you. Well, this will only take 10 to 15 minutes, right? Usually for a weekend. Tomorrow, they are still working mornings, afternoons or evenings. Would mornings be best for you or afternoons? Do it was
probably better afternoon, like one or two o'clock.
Okay, so afternoon, two o'clock, and this is still just to confirm, we send them to the right home at 1547, in North June. Dave, yes. Great address, and this is your best number engineer, 3398, right? So he can, okay, so he'll be reaching you from a different number after this call within the next 15 to 30 minutes, just to make sure you know who's coming over, and also you have a direct line of contact in case something comes up. But that would be and typically, homeowners in the area are actually paying around 150 to 200 sometimes even higher, especially during summer. Do you also have the same consumption? Or is it
my consumption is actually higher? I've been paying around for 50 to $500 every month.
Wow, every month for 50 to 500
that's crazy. Is
it an all electrical, okay, TX,
you Oh, wow. We've been actually speaking to a lot of people with TX, you saying that much? Yes, that's kind of the thing right now. So each month they used to, you know, give out much lower both. I'm not sure what's happening now, each month, and even goes higher during summer.
Yeah, it does. Oh,
wow, I can't imagine that's like another
nice my highest electric bill so far has been like 650 I think, good
lord, 654 like two to three or three to four months
that was,
that was just one month.
Oh, wow. Highest Bill was 650
So yeah, that was one month during the summer where it got real, like we were having like hands all or all month. But yeah, if we could have someone come out and talk to us tomorrow, that would be great, because we're actually in town right now. Okay,
yes, so just to be clear, so you're only receiving information, getting your questions answered, no payment services and the electric savings report, you're not committing to anything as well. The sole purpose of having him there is so that you don't miss out on the program. And you can decide, after seeing the electric savings report, which will be showing you the numbers itself. So there will be no buying or leasing of any equipment, no taking out of any loans, and no occurring of any type of debt. So no lien will be placed in your home as well. It will be the same as what you're doing right now every month, just paying for the electricity at a fixed and a much lower rate. Same all year long, no rate increases. It's a grandfathered in or lock in rate for up to 25 years. This is possible. Basically, the program is already providing the equipment to homeowners, which are solar panels, but you will not buy or visit, so you're not going to get into any debt that also will be including the installation upon cost monitoring, maintenance and repairs. It's all taken off the homeowners place, but this is just to make sure that you actually make these lower electric payments at a lower rate and a fixed rate, because that is how the program is being maintained, so people can take advantage of it. Cannot pay high bills. So have you guys ever considered before solar, since you have a really high bill currently, I can't imagine.
Actually, I was just talking to my mom about solar. Oh, okay,
see,
we've been looking into
looking at, okay, so for her residence as well? Yes, okay, all right. Well, yes, if ever, he could also provide you information for your mom's home. Then if that is the case, she can also qualify basin consumption, so she does not pay high dose as well. And since we're actually making sure we're qualifying responsible homeowners, you have not filed any bankruptcy, foreclosure, late payment, no. Okay, perfect, and we're not running credit. It's just a yes or no question, because just to make sure you're in good standing as well, last time you checked, was it at least 650, or even higher.
No, my credit was 605
last time I checked, because I just went through some debt
consolidation to try to get out of debt, but I just paid off a lot of my debt. So here in a week or two, my credit should jump up. I'm thinking my credit should be around 700 here in about a week. So it's just awaiting recently
already. Oh, so it tanked a bit during the consult consolidation, but just paid off recently. So in a week or so, it should be up. Yes. Okay, so tomorrow, will it just be user? Are you the sole homeowner, or you also have a spouse who will be there with you? No, so have a spouse there. Okay, does she also have the same credit as you credit score? Rather, sorry, or is it,
I'm not sure. We don't usually use her credit. I think she's got good credit. I think hers is better than mine, actually. So she might have a higher than 650 credit score. So we could look at that. Yeah,
you can just simply look it up in Experian Trans Union or Equifax, or whichever one you're using that's not going to affect your credit score if you're the one checking it, so there will be no hard or soft inquiries that way. Or you could also call your bank, but I'll just take note that you might have a better credit score, and you might have yours as well better in a week or so since you've already paid off those debts that has gone through consolidation then. So just keep your minds open. The specialist will be keeping a call within the next 15 to 30 minutes. That will be a quicker one than the conversation we're having right now. He's just going to make sure line of contact so he will not get lost tomorrow. And so also, you know who's coming over, not just some random person showing up. And do
you have any dogs that we should be aware of?
No, we don't have any dogs. So you're you're good,
okay, yes, because we had a Belgian and what was that German Shepherd jumped out and scared off our specialist last time, so that you asked that. But I appreciate your time. Miss. Wheeler, take note that you're also looking into it for your mom, so he can provide information as well. If she has a bill ready as well. So he can also provide a site based report. All right, just look out for the call. Answer it, if not, check your missed call. Sometimes the telephone work area is blocking the numbers. All right, thank you so much. Mr. Wheeler, have a great evening. All right, thank you. You too. Bye, bye.