Hello, O'Mara.
No sir. Who's this?
Yes, sir. This is Mario with the net metering program in partnership with center point, relying in TX. You sorry about that. You said this is not amaros number. It's Mr. Or Mrs. Sam. Mariago, yes, sir. Well, by the way, we're wondering, because we we're working here for this week. This is in Bell Street, and we're just talking to homeowners for the previous power outages and the increases that are happening for electricity, did someone already stop by one of our technicians? I have no clue, honestly, no, okay, you didn't, I'm guessing, notice, okay, that was sent out. It was about a state funded program. Have not got that again? No. Okay, no, no worries. So basically, the notice has relied to what they say. They're letting you know about the increases for electricity. Another one basically just letting you know about a net metering program, which is state funded, but it's helping homeowners lower their bill from 30 to 60% that's something that you were not sent out, right? I'm assuming, or Merrill,
right? Yes, sir. Like there's in the past,
I'm sure you had people show you or stop by your home to show you an option to purchase solar that's expensive. It takes you, like, 25 to 20 years for you to buy it out. That's why the state approved a power purchase agreement, or Merrill that does consist the use of having them install solar without you buying it. You're not financing or taking out some loans for you to purchase it out if you qualify, everything is installed free of charge. The equipment they own it, you don't have to pay for none of that. The only agreement you have on Merrill is to pay for whatever electric you want to use. But we could only proceed if we show you savings. That's about half of what you're spending on energy. I'm not sure if that explains why they're doing the energy audit. Yeah, I wanted to ask for Merrill. It takes them, like 10 to 15 minutes just for the technician to build it out. Do you think this works better in the morning, or if this works better in the afternoon? To see if it makes sense.
Probably morning will be better.
Would be better better. This is 2594 West Bell Street. This is still you as the owner, right? Romero,
2594 Yes. 2594
Yes, sir, that's what I have. Yes, sir. So marrow, it's I'm
his son.
Okay, would you're the owner, though? Right? Yeah.
Okay. What's your name?
Alex. Alex, okay, sorry about that. Kept calling you a mirror. For some reason, I'm sorry about that. That's good, yes, sir, sorry about that. Okay, I have one last question, Alex, I didn't confirm last time that you checked that you verified yourself. Do you think your credit was like over 650 or was it other success? It was over. It was over. Okay, just to give you a heads up, the technician would take like 10 to 15 minutes to build it out. And if you're not seeing any savings that I mentioned, we would not be wasting your time. We'll be out of your home, but you're definitely have understanding when it's in writing. Okay? But we can do tomorrow like around 10 or 11. What time do you think works best during the week. We could schedule like next Saturday, because I'm out of town right now, but like next Saturday morning, I'd be available. Okay, when would you be back? Alex, by any chance you'll be back, like in a few days from now, or you literally are? Yeah, no, I should be gone. I should be gone for about three, four days. Three, four days. By any chance, like looking at my calendar, can you do this like around Tuesday or Wednesday? We could do this like in the evening as well. If you're, like, working and you want to do this off work, it only takes the technician 15 minutes for him to build out the report. He'll let you know if you would. Yeah, probably be like, after work, more than likely I'll be, I think I'll be off next Friday. Next Friday, you can't do Tuesday or Wednesday, like around six or maybe later seven. We can probably do, by any chance, because he's not far from there for that day. That's what I mentioned on the calendar. It's kind of easier for the technician just to drop it by. He would already have an important bill, but it takes him like 15 minutes, right, right? I get you, I just, I can't, I can't really promise you, like my I have no scheduled hours, you know what? I mean. It could vary. Okay, we can. We. Have, like, the appointment manager, like, call you in just to give you a heads up, like, a reminder if you need it, like, to push it a bit later or another day, we can do that. Okay, yeah. Do you best to keep it on a Tuesday or on a Wednesday? Best,
let's do
Wednesday, Wednesday. Okay. Do you want to get a call? And if we need to switch it, we can do that. Do you want me to keep it like at six o'clock or seven is best? Six? It's fine. Six is fine. Okay, that's all. I wanted to confirm. Alex will reach out again before that appointment to make sure everything's okay. All right, and you figure with reliant, it's called net metering. It's in partnership with the reliance. So they do have to mandatory just provide the details, but all that would be in writing, in person. Yes, sir. Okay, okay, okay, so you might get a call from the appointment Manager. This is going to update the calendar for their side, but they'll explain that it takes like 20 seconds, just in case. Okay, yep, we'll see you. Then, Alex, you take care. Have A good one. Thank you too. Bye.