Hello, archeia. This is Taylor speaking. We're reaching out to all the homeowners in Cardinal lane with the net metering program. We're following up on a notice that was sent with your inventory bill. About it. But has anyone reached out to you about the program
yet? I already talked to somebody about this.
Oh, okay, no worries. You are words for electricity. It's just your electricity comes from solar, but you only pay for the electricity you receive from the panels. It's state approved Relief Program. I'm not sure that's exactly what we heard about. You don't have to buy the equipment the but it is a locked rate stays the same all year. You do need to be paying over 150 a month for it to make sense? Or see savings? Do you recall what your highest electric Bill's been this year, or this past year?
A little over $400
okay? Well, I mean, that's I bill. You definitely see savings there. To keep it all straight, it's providing. It's provided in writing as a savings report, and specific to each home. There is no out of pocket cost to this. But it's real important to have enough sun on your roof. Do you what do you say you have sun throughout the day, or you kind of shaded in trees?
I don't have any trees. Okay, well, then
it'll work well for you. I mean, the basic, apart from paying 150 a month, is to own your home, or the sole home in a room, okay? And we do not last one. We do not check your through the call in any way. But you can't have any bankruptcies, foreclosures, and you need a credit score of 650, or more. Are you good in those three requirements?
Why do you, why do you need
a credit score? What?
There is not a loan, and I'm gonna have to there's not a loan, okay? It's the only way they're know, and we're not trying to check it either. It's the only way they know that you're someone that pays their bills, and they do require if you decided to do this, okay, but there's not a loan that was not going to
change. I mean, coming through the through, through the energy company, I would assume they know that I pay my bill because I paid you.
Okay, you're still hooked up, but that's not necessarily your credit score, which is asking them you're still hooked up to your utility company, but the utility company is not supplying the solar panels, right? There's about 50 different solar companies involved in this through the net mirroring program. What the
but I would have to end up paying them for it, correct, not
for the panels. You don't have to buy the panels. You're only paying for electricity. So they're supplying a system that's maintained by the company. You're signing up for an amount of electricity, they have to deliver that amount, make sense,
or something. It's
based on your usage and the difference between the other so most of the solar programs is they're all you have to buy the system. So it involves a loan. This is not a loan. So okay, okay. Well, all we're doing is building. We're not trying to make any changes right now. Okay? It the what we're doing is building savings report takes about 20 minutes an engineer dropped by. The only thing you need to have on hand is a light bill and pick a time when you're available with anyone you want to include in this. You know, if you have a husband or anyone, you want to include in this, so you get your questions answered together, and they can answer anything you happen to, specific to your home. It's the only way accurate process, company, what company are you calling from? Again, I'm with the net metering program. We're just scheduling appointments, and the engineer will point out what they see is the very best option. And in the Houston area, there's about 50 different solar companies. What won't change is that there's not alone that makes sense.
Okay? It depends on
your area, the the size of your system, if it's going on the roof or on the ground. That depends on the size and your location, and how many people are actually using electricity in the home. But who, what is your current utility company? Sir, Ma'am. Who are you with?
Relying? Provider, relying, okay?
And if you don't mind me asking, how many people are using electricity in the
home? Four, four. Okay?
Is it what your husband and two kids or adults,
adults, one child. I'm sorry, two kids, two
kids. Okay, it's just for some of the programs, but I
don't really count the five year old. So okay,
well, that's the person too. Is the evening or is the morning or evening better for you? The report takes about 20 minutes to go over. As I said, all you need to have on hand is your light bill. They do it in the evenings. I'm not sure if you have a set schedule for work or if it's varied, but middle of the day if you if you're not working, I don't know what you. When is a good time for you?
What? What time do they start? What's the earliest take of time? About 10am
the majority of them are up in the evening. So they start about 10.
Okay. Is the morning the best for you?
I mean, if they can get here at 10am
okay. Well, tomorrow at 10 work order, we try to keep it on as short as schedule as possible, because things always come up. That's fine. Okay, I'm just making sure and yeah, that is available. No, it's not taken. Please keep in mind, well, do you use any type of calendar, ma'am, electronic or on paper. Paper. Okay? Well, just a, b, want to write it down energy savings report, and that would, that's the best way to describe it. That would be tomorrow, which is the fifth, okay, March, 5 at 10am okay? And that's tomorrow's Wednesday. And please keep in mind there is work from our side involved in this, and all we ask you let us know if you weren't able to make it. Okay, just don't stand up the engineer. You will receive a call from him within about the next 30 minutes. Okay, they just make contact with you. It's a 32nd call, and that way you have a contact number, you know who you're dealing with. Do you have any reason why you wouldn't be able to pick up that call? It's from a different number, not the same number. No, okay, okay, just real important, so, just so you may contact and that way, if anything comes up, they can get back to you another time. That's not a problem, okay? And I have you as our kelia Newman, is that correct?
Are you still in that L, I, a,
l, I A at the end, or
our Q, U, I,
L, A, Yes, correct. Sorry, I'm not pronouncing it right. But and at 2631 cardinal lane, and then humble and is this the best phone number to reach out? Is this a cell phone? I a cell phone? Okay? Well, my name is Taylor. Feel free to reach out for any reason. Just remember to have your power bill in hand, and I always recommend, just so you feel like you're getting the most out of it, to make them take the most of the appointment, write down your questions, make yourself a list, and that way you won't miss anyone when you're there. Have the engineer in front, okay, they can answer anything you have, and we'll see you tomorrow. Appreciate your time now, 10am Thank you. Bye, bye.