Hello Tori. This is Taylor speaking. We're reaching out to all the homeowners on 50th Avenue with the net metering program. We're following up on a notice sent with your energy bill. Bill. About it? Has anyone reached out to you about the program? Yet? I think some people have stopped by the house, but I haven't been there. Okay, well, this is a state approved Relief Program is for homeowners to save on their electricity bills. But with this program, your power comes from solar, and you only pay for electricity. It is at a lower rate. They call it a power purchase agreement, the install, the maintenance and the insurance is included, so you don't have to worry about the system. You do get a lock rate, though, and you do not face any increases. But do you recall what your highest electric bill has been this year? If you're above or below 150 months above? Okay, do you what is your highest if you can give me an idea, do you have any close to formulated in the summer? I think last summer, okay, and right now, when I'm more in the wintertime, what's it running? I think it was 180 maybe, okay. That might have been, well, you definitely anyone over 150 C's bid savings or it just doesn't make sense to keep it straight. This information is provided in writing as a savings report. It's specific to each home, but there is no out of pocket cost to you. It is very important to have enough sunlight. Would you say that you get a lot of sun throughout the day? Or is this are you mostly shaded in trees? I
It depends on where it's at.
Okay, I have
yet 5716 southwest, 50th, yeah. And okay, well, I see your biggest tree is in the backyard. Is that right? Right? Yes, okay, well, that that's in the good place for big tree to be. It's on the north the this the front of your house. In either side are the important ones, and you do have good sunlight, okay, it would work well on the east side, yeah, even on the even though you, even though you got trees around there, far enough away that you get good sun. So apart from that, the basic requirements 150 a month is to own your home. Are you the sole home? Yeah. Okay. And with last one, we don't check through the call here in any way, but you can't have any bankruptcies, any foreclosures, and you need a credit score of 650, or more. Are you good on those three requirements, we're just required to ask, yeah, you have checked your credit some point. You know, recently, you know what it's at that's all that matters. Yeah. Okay, great. And your current utility company? Who are you with?
Excel? Excel, okay,
for Alexis, sure. And if you don't mind me asking, how many people are using electricity in the home? Two two people, two adults. Yeah, okay. And okay, well, is the morning or evening better for you? The report takes about 20 minutes to go over. All you need to have on hand is your light bill. And if you have a significant other, someone won't include in this the best of everyone to be present so you get your questions answered together. We have times in the evening. I mean, sometimes the best is after after work. Some people like it at 8pm we do have some times available. I don't know if you are a morning person or evening person. We try to keep them in their shortest time frame as possible. Other things always come up, but you can get your questions answered and they'll leave you with a price match in writing. So it depends on what day it is. I mean, tomorrow morning, Saturday or do you How about early afternoon tomorrow?
That's okay. Let me
like, What time are you thinking? We have 2pm available? I know that I'm only looking at our calendar would, and this is just to go over what you have, let's say not to get an actual so you can get an actual price of what you would pay for electricity. If you have any questions about what's going on, I always recommend everything, everyone the same thing, write down your questions, anything that occurs to you between now and then, just write it on on a piece of paper, so you won't miss any of them. We have the engineer in front of you, and that information is specific detail, so just take advantage of it as much as you can and but you're the biggest thing that will not change is there's no loan involved with this. You're only paying for an amount of electricity, and they have to deliver that amount, and that's what kind of sets it off from the other solo programs. Everyone else you. What are your company? Paul, this is involved with, I believe, since he we're not in the Houston area, this is probably a little under 20 different companies involve them. So I'm not sure which one they'll present you with as your best option. It depends on the their actual location you mount up your bill and what where the it's actually being mounted. Some make better ground mounts, and some people are better putting it on the roof. But they'll present you with what they see as very best option. That's what the SAM supported, sir for now, but the engineer will be from the net metering program. Okay? So you'll get a call within the next 30 minutes about just to verify the time, but 2pm was what you wanted. That is available tomorrow.
Okay, okay, but
I wanted to ask you, we do have someone they would someone kind of close by you right now. Would you have a chance tonight? They could drop by and give that to you at about eight? No, I'm not available to see me, okay, but tomorrow's better, whatever. Yeah, yes, okay, perfect. Tomorrow to that is available. So do you have anything to write that down with? If you know a piece of paper, or if you use a cow idea, if you've got it written? Okay? 2pm that's the 20 that. No, that's March 1, and that will be Saturday. Okay. Now, right. Apart from that, please keep in mind there is work from our side involved in this. All we ask you, let us know if you weren't able to make it, okay, just don't stand up the engineer. They can get that to you in another moment. So I promise something came up. Just let them know you will receive a call from them in about 30 minutes. And it's a 32nd phone call. They just introduced themselves, and that way you have a contact number. Okay, is there any reason why you wouldn't be able to pick that up? No, okay, just make sure to make contact with your engineer. That's all you need to do. And write down those questions so you can make the most of it. I have you as Tories. Tory self. I'm 5716 in Amarillo, and is this the best phone number to reach out? Is this a cell phone? Yeah. Okay, perfect. Ma'am. My name is Taylor. Feel free to reach out for any reason, and hopefully they can show you some good statements. Okay, your roof looks good. I think it'll work. Well, okay, and don't forget your life. We'll see you tomorrow. Okay, thank you. All right. Bye. Bye.