Hello, Mr. Aha, yes, yes. Good evening. Thank you for giving me a call back. This is Anna. Mr. Aglehart. I represent what's called net entering in partnership with center point in encore. I'm only reaching out today, sir, regarding work we're doing this week in Santa Road, 418, we're talking to homeowners in the area regarding the power outages and rate hikes. Have you already received the information about the relief program or not yet? No,
not that I know of my wife anyway, deals with all that stuff.
Okay, yes, well, most of the husbands, and they don't do whatsoever regarding the power bill and everything else on mail.
No, Sam, I do not okay,
and she's never mentioned any program that is helping out homes for electricity. No,
no, ma'am. We had, we had solar on top of our house at one time, but we had to take it off, because it messed up our roof. Whenever they put it up, they didn't give us any information on that. So we never got on the buyback program or anything with that. So we did it. We did the solar panels for three years, and it never helped. So I've got $60,000 worth of solar panels stacked up in my front yard right now
because I can't, I can't even afford to get them put back on,
because it's gonna cost them 10,000 to get that put back on.
Okay, so they're actually still in the home, but not put back in, because it's gonna,
yeah, it's gonna cost over 10,000 to get them put back on
the house you paid by financing.
Yes.
Okay, so for three years, it has never actually helped you out which company
they're, they're, no, it's a green energy out of California, and I don't even think they're in business anymore now.
So that's why, that's why we've had so much trouble.
Okay, and so you haven't been three years ago, three to five years ago. So we got them put on three to five years ago, but you're still making payments on these.
Yes, ma'am. I got a 30 year payment on so I still got lots of payments left.
Yes, yes. And your bills is not ever, you know, decreased in any way.
It decreased a little bit during that, but not much. I'm still paying. We're still paying anywhere between five to $800
a month. Oh, my goodness, that is a lot of money. Supposedly, if they have been working out the way they should, you should not even be paying this much. Did you ever add any consumption, sir, or any appliances having them? No.
Not since them then, but whenever they first installed it, they never told us how to change over and how to go through and get any of that done. They subcontracted to somebody else to pick them on our house. People
is very annoying.
No worries, sir. Okay, that's actually the purpose of this program for trying to combat this kind of cameras. I'm sorry to say this, but that is the word for them. Basically, this is a relief program based on consumption still within the providers. You're not switching over so you've been paying 500 to 800 even just a regular month, not even in summer. Yes,
ma'am, let's just regular. If it's in the summer, it can get up so it can get up to over 1000
Good lord, over 1000
Yes, ma'am, I'll have, I have a big farm, and we raise, we hack out chickens and jeannies and I have incubators running. I have heat lamps running. I've got that now. I've got that now. I've got baby goats being born.
Yes, I hear them so cute. Yes, incubators as well. I mean, they consume quite some energies. There's a lot of them. Yes, ma'am. All right, so let's see what we could do for you. Because the program is only based in consumption, regardless of your income. The goal is to drive down the cost without any kind of debt to purchase anything out. So that means you're not buying or leasing any equipment. You're also not taking out any loan. No lien will be placed on your home, no debt, and it will be the same as what you're doing right now every month, just paying for electricity, but that will be at a fixed and a much lower rate, no more rate increases year by year, so you'll be locked in on a rate, but no lien on your home. So I'm only providing information how you can qualify today. But I'm not asking you to make any decisions over the phone. Since we're already working in the area, we're setting up a better time for homeowners like you who has not received any information that is at no cost to you, since it's a relief program that will only take 10 to 15 minutes, the specialist will provide you full information, answer your questions, he'll check the paper, and then he'll verify that consumption rate. So based on that, then you can qualify. So you own the farm full time. You're a business owner as well as insects. Yes, ma'am. And you also have a significant other spouse, and should be there with you, so you both receive information at the thing. So usually, when is the best time where you're both home?
It all depends on her work schedule. Usually in the evenings.
Evening. Okay? She works a day job. Yeah, she
works. She works days, and then she's like, closes twice a week. So it all depends, like, this week she's going to close on she closes tonight, and then she closes again next Sunday. So
Okay, and next Sunday? All right, I'll take standard, but this is still your best number, ending in oh three, yes, ma'am, and the home is still the one in 7200 counter roads for winning.
Yes, ma'am. Okay,
all right, so there is no buying or leasing of any equipment. And by the way, you said the solar panels are not in the roof anymore, because it will cost you 10k again to have this on. And you're not even sure if the company so Okay, so panel,
I'd have to go to a different company to get them
for will cost 1010, grand, right?
Yes, yes, ma'am.
No information has ever been provided to you about switching over. No, okay, so this is actually what the program is about. We're combating home people are just trying to make a Bucha homeowners like you, which is unfortunate. They're they're making the system and stations this way. There is no buying or leasing of any equipment, sir. And you said your wife is mostly available evenings, and you as well as ever. The closest that we have for tomorrow would be a Tuesday, right? I do have a 630 at 730 and oh no, 630 is seven and a 730 which one would work best for you both?
Six 630
Okay, 6:30pm so just to set expectations for our specialists will be reaching out from a different number and and so you have to keep your lines open so he you know who's coming over for safety as well. We value that, and he'll be asking for directions so he does not get lost. All right. Do you have any auto blocker? No, ma'am. Okay, no auto blocker. So just keep your links up like he will call and as well as text. Do you have any dogs that we should be aware of?
They're in the backyard and they're they're friendly, so all the dogs are friendly, and then the ones inside the house,
yes, because we had a dream suffering last time. What was that? A Belgian job to ask this question,
yeah. Well, I've got two in the backyard and four inside the house, five inside the house, okay,
two in the backyard, five in bed. Okay, yeah, this is kind of fast. All right, okay, so you're not buying or losing any equipment there, and all you need to have tomorrow would be just copy of the bill. Do you still get that on paper or online bill?
Okay, we don't do online
stuff because my life has set Yes,
you might forget it. You think you paid it. I did that last time, so I both have paper and
measures you don't want. Ladies,
no connection. Of course, we need electricity day in day. Okay, so those in paper, that's all you need to have ready, because he's also going to compare how much you're paying now versus how much the program is saving you. Like I mentioned, you're not switching over, you're still getting rebates, and you're gonna get the equipment provided to you. This is still solar, but this is not with a different company. It's a release program, sorry, not buying or leasing it. All right, you're not getting into any loan, no loans, no debt, no lien on your home, because the people is maintaining this those that are already in the program paying the fix in a much lower rate. So help compare side by side, how much you pay now versus how much the program is saving you. That way, you could see the numbers yourself, and the program will accept but you're not. Not committing to anything. He's only doing his job to provide the information, answer questions, and, of course, providing the report as well. Right? So you and your wife will both be there, and since the program sure is being maintained by people making electric payments on time, you have not filed any bankruptcy, foreclosure or having a late pin. Okay, no. Bankruptcy is last time you check was your we're not running credit. Since you're not buying or leasing anything, it's just a yes or no question. Was it at least 650 or more your credit score or your wife?
I don't think so.
I haven't worked since December. I haven't worked since December, the 10th,
so but you have not filed any bank of
your proposal. No. Man, nothing like that.
And she hates
that. Yes, okay,
okay, no worries. All you have to check is that then just the credit card discard. But if you have another question, you can either go online or just on experian.com or also you can call the bank, all right. But we're also going to just do our disorders. Just keep your minds open to alcohol. That will be for tomorrow. All right, 636 Okay, Tuesday. Okay, so keep your minds open so that the specialists will be able to reach out to you. Thank you so much for your time, sir. You have a great day. 15 minutes. Okay, goodbye for now. Yeah, bye, bye.